[Exterior walkaround begins]
White Audi Q3 Sportback TFSI e in modern architectural setting.
Front three-quarter view showcasing the octagonal Singleframe grille
with honeycomb pattern and quattro badging.
Matrix LED headlights illuminate with signature light pattern.
Sharp angular design defines the front fascia.
Multi-spoke alloy wheel detail with Audi center cap.
Red brake caliper visible behind spokes.
Rear three-quarter perspective reveals sloping sportback roofline.
Full-width LED light bar spans the tailgate.
Tailgate detail showing Audi four rings emblem.
Q3 badge positioned on lower right.
LED tail light close-up with distinctive geometric pattern.
Arrow-shaped light signature visible.
Interior view: S line sport seats in black leather
with pronounced side bolsters and integrated headrests.
Front seats feature embossed S logo.
Premium leather upholstery throughout cabin.
Dashboard view: Audi virtual cockpit and MMI touchscreen.
Climate set to 20 degrees. Aluminum pedals visible.
[Walkaround complete]
Final establishing shot: Q3 Sportback TFSI e hybrid.
License plate: IN-Q 307 E (Ingolstadt registration).